Add docs for shader preprocessor (#5987)
godotengine/godot-docs: tutorials/shaders/shader_reference/shader_preprocessor.rst

.. _doc_shader_preprocessor:

Shader Preprocessor
===================

> Shader preprocessor belongs as optional step before shader compilation of text shaders in Godot.

Reviewer: IMO we should start this page with some examples of use cases / what this is useful for, especially for people that are new to this.

Author: I will think about it.

> Shader preprocessor belongs as optional step before shader compilation of text shaders in Godot.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The shader preprocessor is an optional step before shader compilation of text shaders in Godot.
```
Also not sure what `text shaders` here means? I assume "before compiling shader code (text)", but IMO this wording is confusing, sounds like it is about a text/label specific shader thing.

Author: The shaders are divided to either text or visual, that what I mean.

Optional means user may not ever use the shader preprocessor if it doesn't need. Probably not a good sentence.

> If you don't need it, you may not use it, but it contains some useful macros which may speed up your productivity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you don't need it, you may ignore it, but it contains some useful macros which may speed up your productivity.
```

#define
^^^^^^^
\ **Syntax:** `#define identifier <replacement_code>`.

> Defines the identifier after that directive as macro, and replaces all successive occurrence of it to the replacement code in the shader.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Defines the identifier after that directive as a macro, and replaces all successive occurrence of it with the replacement code given in the shader.
```

> If the replacement code is not defined, it may only been used within `#ifdef` or `#ifndef` directives.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the replacement code is not defined, it may only be used within `#ifdef` or `#ifndef` directives.
```

.. code-block:: glsl

    shader_type spatial;

    #define USE_MY_COLOR
    #define MY_COLOR vec3(1, 0, 0)

    void fragment() {
    #ifdef USE_MY_COLOR
        ALBEDO = MY_COLOR;
    #endif
    }

#if
^^^
\ **Syntax:** `#if condition`.

> The `#if` directive checks the condition and if it evaluates to a non-zero value, the controlled code block is included and skipped otherwise.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `#if` directive checks the condition and if it evaluates to a non-zero value, the code block is included, otherwise it is skipped.
```

> In order to evaluate, the condition must be a simple floating-point or integer expression. There may be multiple condition blocks connected by `||` or `&&` operators.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to evaluate, the condition must be an expression giving a simple floating-point or integer result. There may be multiple condition blocks connected by `||` or `&&` operators.
```

Does this include bools? Should we mention that?

Author: Yeah, I mentioned it now, check again

> It may be continued by `#else` block, but must be ended with `#endif` directive. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It may be continued by a `#else` block, but must be ended with the `#endif` directive. 
```

.. code-block:: glsl

    #define VAR 3
    #define USE_LIGHT 0 // evaluates to false
    #define USE_COLOR 1 // evaluates to true

    #if VAR == 3 && (USE_LIGHT || USE_COLOR)

    #endif

#ifdef
^^^^^^
\ **Syntax:** `#ifdef identifier`.

Checks whether the passed identifier is defined by `#define` before that directive. Useful for creating multiple shader versions in the same file.

> It may be continued by `#else` block, but must be ended with `#endif` directive. 

Reviewer: As above

.. code-block:: glsl

    #define USE_LIGHT
    #ifdef USE_LIGHT

    #endif

#ifndef
^^^^^^^
\ **Syntax:** `#ifndef identifier`.

Similar to `#ifdef` but checks whether the passed identifier is not defined by `#define` before that directive.

#else
^^^^^
\ **Syntax:** `#else`.

> Defines the optional block which is included when the previously defined `#if`, `#ifdef` or `#ifndef` directive is evaluates to false.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Defines the optional block which is included when the previously defined `#if`, `#ifdef` or `#ifndef` directive evaluates to false.
```

.. code-block:: glsl

    shader_type spatial;

    #define MY_COLOR vec3(1, 0, 0)

    void fragment() {
    #ifndef MY_COLOR
        ALBEDO = MY_COLOR;
    #else
        ALBEDO = vec3(0, 0, 1);
    #endif
    }

#endif
^^^^^^
\ **Syntax:** `#endif`.

Used as terminator for the `#if`, `#ifdef`, `#ifndef` or subsequent `#else` directives.

#undef
^^^^^^
\ **Syntax:** `#undef identifier`.

`#undef directive_name`

The `#undef` directive may be used to cancel the previously defined `#define` directive: 

.. code-block:: glsl

    #define MY_COLOR vec3(1, 0, 0)

    vec3 get_red_color() {
        return MY_COLOR;
    }

    #undef MY_COLOR
    #define MY_COLOR vec3(0, 1, 0)

    vec3 get_green_color() {
        return MY_COLOR;
    }

Without `#undef` in that case there will be a macro redefinition error.

#include
^^^^^^^^
\ **Syntax:** `#include "path"`.

> The `#include` directive includes the content of shader include to a shader. It may be used in any place, but is recommended at the beginning of the shader file, 

Reviewer: We should make clear what a "shader include" is (a file). Maybe format "shader include" so its clear that this is a thing, and to make the sentence easier to parse.

Reviewer 2: Yes, we can link to the ShaderInclude class reference once the online docs are updated to include it!
